Kneel on your knees
Dad?
Xiao Liu, remember this for me
I will definitely take revenge
Although I am stupid
But it's not something you can bully
Oh, haha.
Hahaha hey
What are you doing?
Waste, don't think you've got a national treasure
We can change class
You listen to me
A person is trash one day and trash the rest of their life
You asked me to kneel for you
You deserve to kneel or not
Return Mr. Feng's things to him
A defeated man
Granny is not rare
It's right there.
You can have it if you want
It doesn't matter, I'll give it back to you.
Let's go together
put down
We're not waiting for you.
The boy has a lot of character
All of a sudden, he offended the two major families in Hengcheng
This house and the royal family are in the antique world
That's not a good reputation.
You have to be careful
Master Bai is right
Young man, I advise you to protect the porcelain vase
Don't let anyone else think about it
Thanks a lot lad
So you give me a trip.
I want to give you a warning
The authority of antique rings
He happened to be in Hangzhou.
People like you can't be buried
Teacher Bai?
Are you letting him see